All right moving along to the next function which is reverse and reverse does sort of sounds like it
reverses strings.
That's why I said it's super straight forward you know forward reverse to Joe.
Yep.
So that's what it does.
It will reverse a string.
So here's an example.
Select reverse of hello world and we get this or oh oh oh.
I think it's probably best if I just stop pronouncing them from here on out but you get the reversed
version of the string same casing and everything same space is just reversed.
And that's kind of all there is to it.
To be honest I'll show you a couple of examples.
But if you feel like you already have it you know that was enough for you and you understand how it
works and feel free to just move on.
But I'll go over to cloud 9 and show a couple of examples.
So let's do a select reverse and instead of hello world let's just do it meow meow.
Why not just like that and we get what oh I said I couldn't pronounce.
Well we get this right here.
Reverse of Yeah yeah.
So we could do the same thing to find the reverse of every author's first name in our table for instance.
So that would be a select reverse author name.
And then from books and there we go we get the reverse of Jhoom further a version of Neal and so on.
And that's kind of it.
And just like some of these other ones we can combine them.
So if I wanted to turn something into a palindrome for instance let's say I started with the string
Wolf.
And if you're not familiar palindrome something that reads the same forwards backwards.
So the way I would do that is by adding f o w to that and concatenating them.
So taking the original string plus the reverse string and concatenating them.
So we have two functions we've seen how to do that.
And it's just a matter of concat.
So a select Concat.
And we'll just start with with.
And then what do we want to concatenate it with.
Well we want to concat and hit it with the reverse of just like that and that should do it.
Let's try it out and we get this the palindrome version.
I guess we just made this sandwich.
Now let's just try it with authors first names again.
So let's do that now.
All we need to do is replace a couple of things in here so rather than can catting with we're going
to do.
Author f name and then we're going to use the reverse of author name as well.
Just like that.
And then of course we need to say from where.
From books.
Let's copy that.
So just again taking the author's first name the reverse of the author's first name and we're smashing
them together with concat
and there we go.
We get some kind of funny I guess.
David Deaver D and I don't think any of them are really pronounceable otherwise but they are valid palindromes.
So I guess we succeeded at something.